Create promo separator (#470)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-promo-separator/README.md

## Description

The `@bbc/psammead-promo-separator` package exports a single separator line component.

It uses `@bbc/psammead-styles` for colours and `@bbc/gel-foundations` for spacing implemented in Styled Components.

## Installation

`npm install @bbc/psammead-promo-separator`

## Props

| Argument  | Type | Required | Default | Example |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| No props. |      |          |         |         |

## Usage

```jsx
import PromoSeparator from '@bbc/psammead-promo-separator';

const WrappingComponent = () => <PromoSeparator />;
```

### When to use this component

The `PromoSeparator` component's intended use is to separate content, such as in-between story promos on index pages.

<!-- ### When not to use this component -->

### Accessibility notes

> Although this component has the appearance of a horizontal rule, it does not use an `<hr>` tag, and therefore does not have the associated semantic meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this component has the appearance of a horizontal rule, it does not use a `<hr>` tag, and therefore does not have the associated semantic meaning.
```

# psammead-promo-separator - [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead/badge.svg?targetFile=packages%2Fcomponents%2Fpsammead-promo-separator%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead?targetFile=packages%2Fcomponents%2Fpsammead-promo-separator%2Fpackage.json) [![Storybook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storybooks/promo-separator/master/badge/badge-storybook.svg?sanitize=true)](https://bbc.github.io/psammead/?path=/story/promo-separator--default) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-promo-separator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-promo-separator) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description

The `@bbc/psammead-promo-separator` package exports a single separator line component.

> It uses a `hr` HTML element.

Reviewer 2: Should it be an `hr`?

> The HTML `<hr>` element represents a thematic break between **paragraph-level elements**
> Historically, this has been presented as a horizontal rule or line. While it may still be displayed as a horizontal rule in visual browsers, this element is now defined in semantic terms, rather than presentational terms, so if you wish to draw a horizontal line, you should do so using appropriate CSS.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/hr

And the examples in https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/grouping-content.html#the-hr-element

These read to me as `hr`s should only be used in article pages, and this separator should just be a styled `div`

It uses `@bbc/psammead-styles` for colours and `@bbc/gel-foundations` for spacing implemented in Styled Components.

## Installation

`npm install @bbc/psammead-promo-separator`

## Props

| Argument  | Type | Required | Default | Example |
| --------- | ---- | -------- | ------- | ------- |
| No props. |      |          |         |         |

## Usage

```jsx
import PromoSeparator from '@bbc/psammead-promo-separator';

const WrappingComponent = () => <PromoSeparator />;
```

### When to use this component

> The `PromoSeparator` component is meant to be used between story promos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PromoSeparator` component's intended use is to separate content, such as in-between story promos on index pages.
```
